hey if you like watching a cheap a
hundred make content you should watch us
make it live from 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. on
Monday Wednesday and Friday that's
Central Time one to five roosterteeth
calm Artie TV it's free for anyone to
watch right now and you can sign up and
chat with us because that's where we
hang out so check it out roosterteeth
calm Monday Wednesday Friday 105 central
we love you you die alright episode two
we've only had one death so far miss
Lindsey Joan rest in peace Lindsey do we
have a gravestone for Lindsey have
diorite we think we should make it out
of hoops
Trevor you should see a doctor about
that I just tilled my floor it'll be
nice and soft you know you can plant
your feet in it yeah it's like carpet
you know who hasn't been planting when
they like ripping them up in old spots
Oh bald spots but yeah probably be
ripping up the grass we still need
probably eventually we got start finding
diamond you do the ultimate end goal is
to kill the Ender Dragon right right I
think our end goal is just to see the
inner track I'm just living that miners
life you know oh yeah my face we you
know what I need to forage I'm gonna get
some more wheat and I'm still trying to
figure out what kind of eye region
come here life let me experiment come
here life if you breathe in you're dying
him redstone would actually be useful
along the rhythm or you can we can make
compasses so we don't get lost that's a
good call that's a great call cuz I've
already almost gotten lost once yeah I
mean Maps yeah maps and compasses would
be nice some time to come by he was
gonna he was gonna say it pom-pom we
should have quite a bit of sugarcane
going I'm about to plant a bunch more
you show again
no I'm sugar harvest okay joke night
over here on that guy's not great
maybe not over here I definitely had an
idea in mind the last time what is what
I'm gonna do I don't know it's gone it
was okay good we'll just start some
sentences and you know if one of them
sounds right okay okay
Stein happens uh what I know I Evers
respond to check on Dean Gavin oh nice
Oh eNOS eat cow something something yes
yeah something something eat you know
what I like that my ex bro you are
complying something eat my pickaxe broke
at the same time got there damn dude
let's just get food yes beds got it
here's a note just for anybody out there
that might forget you need air gotta
breathe it what can't stay underwater
too long it's bad
DG yeah yeah yeah you know I just
sometimes I forget how many people are
in the commune or right now yeah come on
sheep okay what happened to Fredo by the
way really he's still sorting his [__]
out you know oh [__] sorter he's gonna
come back to so many gifts there's a
like a little Gorge that is gonna be my
doom well just cover it up then even if
I don't die from the fall there's lava
down there I mean if you see your death
in there just block it up you can't
block up death Ryan yeah final
destination proved to me that proves to
me that prove that it proved it proves
it to me proved it to you prove it to
everybody no I refuse to believe that I
think we can teach you to put a stopper
in death die sheep oh yeah [__] we have
a celebrity he could even stop his love
I'm always impressed when Jeremy gets a
line from a movie yeah I gotta know that
stuff well we get if you say one of the
four movies that Jeremy's watched is a
good one it's a good choice although
first how many have you seen though four
here it is Jeremy got halfway through
the series and said I'm done who's this
new Dumbledore I hate it I hate this guy
bring back the other guy what's he doing
Trevor yo present in your mailbox do it
presents in my mail Ryan's gonna present
in his mailbox make him what's what are
you what are you working with for a
mailbox it's just a chest on a on a
fencepost yeah mine is a chance I'll
make one I even have a mailbox no one
knows where I live
Ryan make your mailbox oh thanks man I'm
fighting this like underground there was
a enemy commune living under our commune
Jax you have a bed I don't yet but I can
make one pretty quick yeah if you can do
that then we'll all have beds oh great
okay all up meds no no did I look him in
the eyes oh god he's in the he's next to
the comude oh god well I'm not looking
him in the eyes so a safe space I think
snowflake I'm stuck with those Marvel
heroes real but snowflake and save space
supposedly looking at you into person
what you gonna do about it
alright Jeremy I got a bed wait now I
can hear him howling outside or you can
hear him dying dreaming walks the Grimer
screaming from the sewers could hear the
screams of them I'm definitely getting
with old man withdrawals we've lost it I
never had it dude and we never had it
now frankly we never will now it's time
to strip-mine everyone take your clothes
off is it just in your house you're
doing a strip mine yeah I've made a
basement and as most people do won't you
make a basement you just rip it up
yeah that's free house big tough
basement free house yeah it's free
square footage dudes free house here a
tough basement behind a keyboard tough
guy oh it's Fredo you back alive I'm in
yeah to defeat the boss laughs yeah just
in time for the Sun to go down oh no oh
god no don't say it ain't so no it's
fine no we all events relevance wait I
don't have a bad
hold on hey dude check your mailbox you
seal your mailbox he's shot in there
look at that
that's a nice bed Thank You Jeremy
that's a beautiful bed on a couple sheep
I had some shears that's way better than
all the ones I stabbed yeah
stabbing haha gotta practice my stabbing
never kill a man with a sock don't have
to practice your stabbing no no no not
stabbing no snappy babies I guess I put
my bed there do you have a lot of floor
space to work with I do I do i renovated
and I got a lot more going for me now I
think he took the floor hole to heart I
just let myself in I apologize just
walked up in my space you were like all
right here is your house lit up at all
on the outside on the inside it is I
said this all you start of an ad so your
house lit up at all let me tell you
about torture jeez you're trying to sell
me torches hello hold on this is how a
man's first friend in the dark torches
hi hi there sir can't you see how
well-lit I am that's because I've
already installed your new lighting
that's right yours today for free that's
thank God cause they're not kill you if
your installed in and charged me that's
how it works
oh you haven't heard about the monthly
installment payments oh yeah well this
door and talk to you from a distance
damn travnik
every time you walk out your door I'm
gonna scan the credit cards out of your
pocket and buy things with them have you
heard about my arrow encounter things
all sorts of stuff now real biz back you
open that door I'll let loose like Mike
yes earlier this arrow doesn't come a
payment plan here's the give it of a
bills oh crap okay but a torch yeah I'm
dying I'm gonna I'm not dying it but
like I'll die placing wood for no reason
I'm just outside cleaning up yeah you
gotta be careful how you throw around
that D word
I can sleep everyone sleep like a tiny
bit lost I think I'll be okay
oh I see the commune oh I'm a dad or my
work here is done
one minecraft I need to finish my my
ceiling you got stuff chasing you yeah I
need to put I'm gonna put my bed in the
basement cuz the monster there we go put
my pet in the basement cuz the monsters
can't get me the monsters are so close
it wouldn't let me sleep area my have my
key sleep her noise what do you fight in
there Michael nothing
[Music]
who made this cobblestone oh is this for
the Enderman oh yeah that was my inter
trap how high does wheat grow is it like
one too many blocks we block yeah we
light when it's ready to harvest I know
it's ready baby's ready for daddy who's
growing the gun yeah there's a different
kind of wheat
that's the wacky wheat there's a creeper
near your house Fredo I thought our legs
is a creeper near my house yeah I feel
so safe in my little thing I bet it's
gonna kill me like I shouldn't feel safe
but I know safety is the ultimate death
somebody's gonna break in somehow
I wonder how far you are from us Michael
are you far from the stars I can't be
very far I mean I wandered a lot because
a swarm of nine zombies were trying to
kill me and I just I slowly walked away
from them because I couldn't afford to
run you're out of food but I can't be
very far they're a popular height for
iron to show up popular height think so
it's pretty common at mini it mini
height ranges zoom yeah finding a cave
is gonna be your best bet for getting
iron as long as you're like ice you can
defend a shield is gonna be your like I
just want a safe mine in
mid-conversation just the oh oh god it
was a really deep haul to a pile of lava
oh dude I got two doors now and then I
got these pressure plates when I step on
them they open yeah so can monsters yeah
zombies will do that oh you want to put
it on the their mailbox and a saw it's
good that's good you're good if you find
my house there's a sign oh nice
Jack are you alive what'd he blow up
he's probably taking a poop no frickin
way
wait a minute Oh what no I looked at the
there's no way he said he wrote I'm here
okay what's going on he's probably doing
home Ryan I didn't even consider that
boy it's been real quiet from Jacqueline
I mean it would be such a commitment to
not speak where we hide and Jack didn't
say guys by the way I'm dead that'd be
very funny though like a classic all
right what the hell kind of hellscape
have I gotten myself into you how kind
of hellscape yeah I just walking down I
got a mine hole and I was like let me go
down the mine hall I'm in down in a
while and it's all just opened ledges
that's not great it's quite foolish is
what it is
ah yes foolish of you to be so foolish
only a fool would be the death of me you
can turn that off yeah I'm not gonna
though because I then I have to press
jump every darn time yes correct exactly
does the trash thing called in this game
if you want to make a trash can
there is no trash guava it's called the
floor oh yeah the world is your trash
can
alright I'll make a little hole and then
I could just bury [__] in it yeah that's
how you do it you you trash into the
world the worse the environment gets hey
doesn't make a trash hole you know more
songs showing up
we all got trash holes a hole darker the
sky was weird
I bought this house and didn't have a
trash hole I had to put one in guys I
want to I really want to make it to part
three hey Fredo neighbor it's like
you're doing great
you don't know what I'm doing hello and
you burn I don't I'm alive something so
I think that's great Michael you're
alive kanpai
fresh-baked man oh my god I would see
one of these in years
pumpkin flex it over here may I made a
pumpkin pie for freedom dude he's a
great neighbor let me tell you well that
is a that is a flex that's a real
neighbor move right there that said my
neighbor actually brought me a soup and
cookie when oh really because she gets
bored and has been very bored because of
the quarantine and her answer is to bake
Oh
she was coughing all over the food oh
I'm sure I'm super in fact you're
alright often that's how fairness my
wife was probably the primary vector
anyways that's true cool board primary
yeah you've been very adamant you're
live all right I also have to resync I
don't know what happened my mixer just
reset that was super concerning Jack
we're like hey you know you guys are
saying that and I was like no I'm right
here you guys yes hey who's that oh hi
Michael told you I wasn't far come here
sorry come on over but with a drink
distance Jeremy do you have a mineshaft
yes let's see what we got here
hey it's not mine look at that that's
nice Michael this is real nice you got
you got food and what are you doing in
Jeremy's house Trevor
you want to see a magic trick Oh what
are you doing no Michael this is great
just keep watching Fredo okay I'm gonna
be honest you're doing better than like
Alfredo well that's that's all I need to
hear you pretty neato - Wow it did if I
fell down there I'd be dead man going oh
holy [__] it was an accident this gorge
Ryan is what I was referring to being
the death of me oh I think that was yeah
I was down in that gorge of pretty much
plundered it it's got some cold but I
just I'm gonna fall in it's my what I'm
saying he's under the rock let's make a
mega system if you guys could stay out
of my house
Thanks I'm coming over just don't get it
gives me pumpkin pie he doesn't want me
in his house it's just ridiculous I'm
trying to be safe I don't wanna get sick
starting at dark again guys I just
started my journey into my tunnel well
you can keep journeying in the tunnel if
we decide to stay up are we gonna be
Nadia are we gonna stay up all night Oh
we gonna be naughty you see we should we
gab about boys because everybody's in
their house
nighttime is the time to mine yeah all
right let's do some mining mine Creek
aunt skip every night Oh Ryan I found
things to kill yeah you find something
else she pees time you know you can
always raise them and make more and have
unlimited cheapies Oh the world spawns
unlimited for everyone I murder a new
one is birthed I want to eat now Jack
not in the future that's exactly I don't
give a [__] about my kids I give a [__]
about me
I'll be honest I was legitimately
impressed by your setup there Michael
thank you because I'm a [__]
no that's usually wouldn't put that what
yeah yeah I love that someone made that
compilation Michael it's just like know
however many minutes of Michael being
confused you going thing is I don't want
to press it you know I know when I don't
know I don't need to learn I just need
to know when to back out
that's a definite drop creeper right
there yep there he is there's the drop I
do watch out for those gorgeous men
those will get you over there so it got
me last you did it yet as a veteran in
your dead - dead I would just the advice
I'd give is just to not overthink it
I actually argue the veterans are the
people that weren't all of them which
isn't you Oh way to time I think you
forgetting something is to time they're
swarming me spiders and creepers in
Bowman oh my oh my god I thought that
was Michael's death message no oh my god
this war with me Michael is my light
across egde oh it's so dark outside
Oh Jackie are you looking for Trevor's
light and porom what I'll come set up
lights for you for free and scan all
your credit cards the steely-eyed ee
what are people's experience levels 19 6
well 11 what are you up to man never not
a fight I came in when someone died all
right
listen it was Lindsay and she died in
the first like ten minutes oh I've just
been mining just a bunch of calm it's
not great
what's wrong hear me yeah that's the
sound of a man who found the mother lode
that's a drop creeper yep it's the
second part of that stop making
advancements when people are going hold
these skeletons have it perfectly time
for one shooting when the other one
isn't what's happening they're like
Minutemen blue penis blue penises yeah
you complain it or just like missing out
of penis foam Bob damn I found the
mother lode of coal I found the mother
lode of murdering every living creature
I have so much food I need you worked my
way back home it's dark outside
that's the commune it's all lit up ya
know it's easy to see guys it's
comically close to my house oh yeah
you're right next to my house Michael
you're around the corner I see a door is
that your house yeah is your house of
one single door so look it's my side
door okay well looking at it from this
angle
there's the commune on the left your
side door my house is on the other side
of your great adventure took you just
did never set it I was far I just said I
was not near you I'm trying to find my
house through coordinates but God I keep
stopping to open you can see the my side
door then you're right next to yourself
yeah it's right around here somewhere
right next to yourself it is also in the
side of a mountain yes there's a little
hard to find there's a lot of mountains
my house mountain of torch on top of it
my house my house Mountain Oh Michael
you're on that side huh this way
you're in the wrong direction I know
that that's the only thing I know what
do you need to know okay you're going
the right way there's a lot of bad
outside my house so I'm gonna sit in the
corner and eat this pumpkin pie during
these times
so much coal hey there we go burn Oh
I'm Ronen oh the death Gorge
I found in my home oh yeah my hobby oh
ma my little piece of paradise I'm
coming home I got the goods
oh my god oh my god what happened Fred
oh I saw something you yelled at me and
then it's printing it at me really fast
is that an in German no oh the endermans
yeah they got one is it tall and black
with purple eyes I don't know there was
like the reason I decided ran screaming
well the bad news is those teleport yeah
they can teleport through walls okay am
i sit in the corner of my house and then
if it comes for me I'll kill it
I'm the cook what is that keeps going
ahh that a villager what I don't know
just walk down to frado's house and see
what he's doing when I go under my
tunnel into Jeremy's house and then look
at it from there you looking at a witch
me there's a lot of zombies outside your
place yeah it's real bad outside the
sun's coming up though oh nice okay
that's crazy
one must have blocked off my interest
into Jeremy's house who would do such a
thing
who what do you think did it oh it's the
llama if they do with the llama this
Jeremy knows to do with a llama what oh
yeah so he's out here there's a traitor
out here yeah there's two llamas Fredo
you've known he's been there since the
first part watch out behind you there's
a lot of zombies whoever's with me I'm
on his llama
suck on this I'll train him I think the
traders did I think he totally is he
might be or if they get a fire hose
dying frado's lion the Lobos are not led
Fredo thought you'd run Fredo survived I
hate you but survived eh I want to be
the one to do it
oh my god I trade the llama
it gave me the achievement kratos dying
and do i need a carrot on a stick
how do I train you sit on repeatedly oh
yeah let's fence these guys in and make
them you know make more llamas mommy's
gonna make ya hey you make with the
llamas llama give it that llama you can
try too much you can just sit on
well we got leads though you need a
saddle right here we go
Oh Oh Mike he's got so much food there
we go I'm coming with you
I'm stealing Trevor oh I got nowhere to
put this guy oh I need a post yeah
yup what's wrong Jeremy that sounded
like a good yelling hey ding a ling ding
that's a diamond oh here we go
ha Jeremy is the only one with the post
so I'm just I'm putting them on to
Jeremy's I was gonna make you a post
well apparently you can only do one per
so I still need one day Trevor pink
there you go nice there yo Trevor and
Alfredo hey creeper you want to come
take a trip to Jaime's house ok never
mind
what was that heard something explodes
the creeper no did you no no you're fine
okay we still need that red so Jeremy
you find any of that down there I got
some redstone I found I think everything
else what do you need redstone for
companies compasses then ultimately a
map I heard the noises again in my head
so I'm gonna go talk to it I love voices
hey Fredo yeah he's talking the ones in
internally yeah voices in my head again
trying to find him what they calling you
to do I was just saying so I was gonna
go you know get a lack in the hell hole
well then did the cipher that I'm gonna
call some of the sheep the farming has
turned dark Oh get some meat that's what
I tell myself to Jack it's me of them
one day the Sheep will kill me some days
I think I just like the killing creepers
spiders make me sick down there look at
him look at those filth Oh shot me was
Jack's house Freddie over here oh [__]
dude you got a whole thing going on you
can old man you got all these cows with
baby cows and you get all these greens
growing look at that you got a strip of
water
oh yeah it's that's my uh my sugar
Phoenix water dude sup Fredo you come
see you and see my my
my uh that's my mailbox nothing right
now it's gonna murder you put things in
that drop creepers are gonna get me how
do this is bad does this tunnel where's
this lead tubes is your sex dungeon it
goes down it goes down wow this is a
really big sex dungeon you're gonna
build one might as well build a big
creeper why didn't I make a bow
I need a bow spider don't make me do
this
he made me do it that was so fast I feel
like he didn't even have time to take in
your warning
well he didn't cuz he was two hits in
already
alright creepers dead now only a drop
creeper will kill me
wait for it yes eh wait wait for it come
here Pig Fred are you killing pigs in
front of my house no there's a side of
your house okay if it steps out that
fence it's dead you and your pigs
how to make a map I think it's just
paper right I'm apparently not
I think it is paper around something
paper ink and knowledge maybe gold
you've rolling a blunt check empty
village no rare an empty village this is
John yeah this is a temple afraid oh oh
so if you come in here well should I
tell them at the the colored square well
oh down there I don't want to tell them
what the colors go oh it's your dad your
dad that's gonna be the end of Fredo
Fredo Fredo don't don't dig straight
down okay you dig but just look at it
don't don't worry right up come in there
dude
okay that's fine Wow for him I take risk
around Oh hmm I wanna you can go
straight down here just not not above it
I don't know how to use the cartography
table I made one no guys this is going
just grates go on and almost too well a
little fence a little safety better
minecraft some some might say some
probably wouldn't say but I would rate
oh don't let that bond there they're
judging us way too harshly Michael of
anything you've gotten like better than
anyone in Minecraft like in terms of
like it
advancement from yeah I dunno I just
said [__] so don't smack the team T that
Jack and I are sitting on now you can
even take it now it's not a big deal now
smack - smack it's fine right oh this
would be great Fredo here amis house
right over here oh you got it okay
Jeremy did you hear that her he's gonna
put white in my house nothing p'tee yeah
it's a panic button
it's the Code Red that was the first you
dead you dead right yeah I was lost now
I'm not and now I'm found got a compass
your diary today Jack and I went on an
adventure well asked he's a nice guy
Thank You Fredo you weren't supposed to
hear that that's a shame I have to kill
him yeah okay so by the way the compass
at least right now does not seem to be
pointing to my bed it's pointing to
spawn weird
well we spawned right next to where we
built the Kombi in some creeper all
right there's oh look there's a llama
tied to my fell right on mailbox thank
God I was looking up son of a I only
took one heart though how was that what
the drop creepers were like instant
death previously cuz I saw him coming
okay I was looking straight up and I saw
him before he dropped that home that his
home and you sidestepped I actually
screamed it drop creeper before he
dropped which usually doesn't do startle
him I think so I think he there's some
armored up outside my house I'm going to
get these llamas tether to you guys's
houses that's pretty cool what all
there's a witch what are you doing with
this witch though you doing here oh my
god who's in your house there's a zombie
in his house alright dark in here Fred
oh no it's not dark in here it's lit you
son of a jammer you did this didn't you
I did not you did this guy's I got gold
in pain oh yeah leave my door open which
please no give me you try to kill me in
my own home no didn't have the balls to
do you hired somebody else how do you
make a map like what I can't figure it
out to be honest you have to make a
cartography table I made one still can't
figure oh
people home yeah oh yeah I'm home I'm
chilling maybe we should sleep and then
we can like yeah I'll sleep I like to
mold traumatize from that home invasion
Jeremy set up made some improvements
around my house so I got some more iron
I just very slowly got armor I feel like
I didn't do much this this time Fredo do
you need armor
oh is this a peace offering after you
try to kill me I've done nothing but
help you this whole yeah a diamond sword
okay you want me to make one Jeremy put
him down put him down it has to happen
I'm sorry I'm just I'm just maintenance
and my house Yes Mother
oh my god what's that I just heard a
boom and a scream Jeremy's house is over
[Laughter]
I'm gonna get out of my bed now cuz I
don't think so was breaking into frado's
please doesn't sound like you can sleep
if you're fighting he could sleep to be
fair wasn't my fault
yeah conversation with Jeremy and then
just showed up and to be fair he just
showed up I'm afraid it was standing in
my window here we go I don't know I'm
gonna make my window tomorrow that's not
how I make it oh [__] why do that Trevor
do you botch it I just made a block of
iron oh box junk and I'll make it
incorrect I am I'm ready it out and
getting in babe okay I'm in bed I'm damn
not in bed yes zombie is out we're come
on
next time I'm looking for diamonds
alright buddy listen you gotta go so I
can sleep outside and all the monsters
Psalm and
they're all outside I can hear the burn
all right well I'm listening to it all
from my bed how do you make an armor
stand we're going downstairs with my six
I look like sticks yeah
they have sleeping in my basement sleep
in the bed I hear them all around me I
can hear him digging so to end this part
communes affair behind you
yeah the vernal burn it's fine he's a
burnin Vern as a creeper outside the
same window no okay
so people of the commune I'm gonna good
way to end it okay up I'm coming to you
Jeremy I'm coming I'm coming back here
for do it quick do it quick now oh boy
okay there was better ways he could have
said what you say this is the commune
yeah visit the comude Michael I'm coming
I'm coming you here to Reyn yep hang on
I'm on my way this week once Jack's here
okay and Michael I mean I know Michaels
closers oh I fell down a hole oh my god
dangerous way to end I was running and
jumping and I fell into a hole are you
on the other side of this mountain you
go around one mountain if I don't see it
I mean you know we're a moment my house
is right no I don't I saw it retain that
okay and Jack how about you I'm I was
fighting a skeleton outside your your
hey come here jack alright Michael are
we waiting or no go ahead without me
okay to part 2 or two
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm spreading my seriously I can't tell
my god guys I haven't seen any of you in
two parts besides Ryan oh my god look
we're all here so much to get here yeah
get away from me yeah you know what you
look a little hungry on it you don't
have a mailbox but I would give you this
spread if I could thing is your farms
grateful you got a share between like
five pizza now Fredo just to follow the
rules of this let's play I'm gonna put
these back because I'm not allowed to
take them from me
all right house good times all right
episode two in the can what a waste of
I'm going back to my house before going
on go back yeah same here same here dog
No Code Red big way hey that's great
decoration if a creeper goes off there
that's the end of all of our homes you
better hope to god it'll get past the
security fences
[Music]
you